Minor edits for S181 (#899)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000181/README.md

---
uid: S000181

> name: Countable sigma product $\sigma_{n<\omega}\omega_1+1$

Author: ```suggestion
name: Countable sigma product $\sigma(\omega_1+1)^\omega$
```

$\sigma(\omega_1+1)^\omega$

Author: ```suggestion
name: Countable sigma product $\sigma_{n<\omega}(\omega_1+1)$
```

or $\sigma_{n<\omega}(\omega_1+1)$

refs:
  - doi: 10.1515/math-2015-0018
    name: Vietoris topology on spaces dominated by second countable ones
  - doi: 10.1016/j.topol.2010.10.014
    name: Domination by second countable spaces and Lindelöf Σ-property
  - mathse: 4736740
    name: Answer to "A space which is 𝜎-compact but neither hemicompact nor second countable"
---

> A particular subspace of the countable product $(\omega_1+1)^\omega$
> of {S36},
> consisting of all functions $\omega \to (\omega_1+1)$ that are non-zero on only finitely many inputs.

Author: ```suggestion
The subspace of the countable product $(\omega_1+1)^\omega$ of {S36},
consisting of all functions $\omega \to (\omega_1+1)$ with finite support,
that is, those functions which are non-zero on only finitely many inputs.
```
